[DOCS] Osquery enhancements to the Alerts table and alert details flyout (#2087)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/alerts-run-osquery.asciidoc

============

. Do one of the following from the Alerts table:
** Click the *View details* button to open the Alert details flyout, then click *Take action -> Run Osquery*.

> ** Select the *More actions* menu (*...*), then select *Run Osquery*.

Reviewer: This is a UX guidelines thing. 
```suggestion
** From the *More actions* menu (*...*), select *Run Osquery*.
```

TIP: To save the query for future use, click *Save for later* and define the ID,
description, and other {kibana-ref}/osquery.html#osquery-manage-query[details].

. Review the results in the table. You can also:
** Navigate to *Discover* to dive deeper into the response.
** Use the drag-and-drop *Lens* editor to create visualizations.

> ** Click the *Timeline* button (image:images/timeline-button-osquery.png[Click markdown icon,20,20]) to investigate a single query result in Timeline or *Add to timeline investigation* to investigate all results.

Author: Oh yeah, thanks for correcting the alt text. I tried separating the two options and giving them their own line, but thought it might be better to keep them together since they're similar. 

Somewhat unrelated, the Timeline button is also named **Add to timeline investigation** @tomsonpl . Do you think this should be changed in the next release? I'm not sure if it's even possible, but wanted to point it out because it might be a little confusing for users to have two actions identically named actions that do different things. 
<img width="696" alt="Screen Shot 2022-06-22 at 5 05 53 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/79124755/175136460-890d821a-4f55-4666-a9ad-5c3ae89793b7.png">

+

> NOTE: The option to explore Osquery results in Timeline is only available from {elastic-sec}.

Author: There's no restriction, but the integration and lives queries are managed outside of Security so the barrier between Security and Kibana (which is where Osquery is loosely based) is kinda fuzzy. The UI for running queries from the Osquery feature in Kibana also looks pretty similar to the UI in Security, and offers all the same functionality (minus the Timeline feature ofc) so users might expect the same functionality in both? Anyways, if neither of these are significant enough to warrant the callout in the note, I'm ok removing it. The feature will also be mentioned the Security release notes only, so there's that as well (as far as making it clear that this is a Security-specific feature for Osquery).

> NOTE: The option to explore Osquery results in Timeline is only available from {elastic-sec}.

Reviewer: Good discussion here! I think it's safe to omit for now.

> NOTE: The option to explore Osquery results in Timeline is only available from {elastic-sec}.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the extra context @nastasha-solomon! I see what you mean about the fuzzy border between Security and Kibana. I agree with @jmikell821, we could prob omit this note, since these docs assume a Security perspective, not the wider view of how Osquery works across the whole Elastic platform.

+

+

> TIP: An `action_ID` is generated when you run an Osquery query. The `action_ID` field and value pair is passed to the Timeline's KQL filter when you select the option to open all results in Timeline.

Reviewer: This is a slight suggestion - feel free to omit. Also assuming "action_ID" and "value pair" are two different things, hence my suggestion to change to plural. 

```suggestion
TIP: An `action_ID` is generated when you run an Osquery query. The `action_ID` field and value pair are transferred to the Timeline's KQL filter when you select the option to open all results in Timeline.
```
